WEST BENGAL POLLUTION CONTROL BOARD
*Paribesh Bhawan’, 10A, Block — LA, Sector il
Bidhannagar, Kolkata - 700 106

 

No. £08 [Die] CTE/S -24 Pas. wate: 13712) 2022

The West Bengal Pollution Centrcl Board hereby grants its ‘Consent tc Eslabtish" under section 25 (i) of
Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Amendment Act. 1988 and section 2! of Air (Prevention & Control
of Pollution) Amendment Act. 1987 and the Rules and Orders made thereunder to ij

Certificate for ‘Consent to Establish"

mis. .Masucha..... Ce menets ...

 

 

to establish the industrial plant and to manufacture/store/install . Sas LLM... epg:

see CO CRC RE ce eeneennenneninentene and to discharge liquid effluents through outlets/outfails and to
emit the gaseous emission in accordance with the conditions as mentioned below provided on any day al any
instant the quantity and quality of liquid discharge and gaseous emission shail not exceed the permissible limil 2s
specified in the Environment (Protection) Act. 1986.

Breach of the conditions and/or failure to comply with the directions/conditions as stated below shall render
the applicant tiable for prosecution under the provisions of Water (Prevention & control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and
Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act. 1981.

The State Board reserves its right to revoke, withdraw or make any reasonable variation =: the conditions of
or change or alter this consent by giving one month’s notice to the applicant.

Conditions Mouza- Keomadamga , ILNO - 139, Khattian No - 2290, Dag No- 484
01. The Applicant shall be responsible for the quantity and quality of liquid effluent and gaseous a,

02. The Applicantshall ensure maintaining the quality of liquid effluent discharge and air emisgg in statutory

limits as mentioned in Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 an Rules made ther
The Applicant should adopt suitable measures to treat the liquid effluent to jutional load so that
quality of the same meets the prescribed standard.

04. The Applicant shall have to apply to this Board for its ‘Conse:
(Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act 1974 and Air (Prevention &
of liquid effluent and gaseous emissions. No liquid effluent and g
Applican/unit without prior consent of the Board.

05. To bring into any change in industrial plant, furnace, flues, chimneys, place and/or point discharge of liquid
and gaseous effluents, pollution control equipments the Applicant shall obtain prior permission of the Board
inthisregard. “Total. Po srojeck Cost Ro.38, 61,600 F

06. The Applicant shall maintain good house keeping, good working condition and take adequate measures for
control of poilution from all sources.

 
 
  
 
 

per provisions of Water
lution) Act. 1981 for-discharge
mission shall be discharged by the

The Applicant shail bring about at least 33% of the available open land under green coverage/piantation.

picant shall ensure that fugitive emissions from the activity are controlled so as to maintain clean and
in and around the factory premises. THE ACTIVITY COMES UNDER
Ay provide Pala: cai for conveying ee wastes. GREEN oepe

 
 
  

the denizens of the locality due to its activity or be a cause for environmental concem.
13. Incase of using Diese! Generator, adequate precautionary measures to be i

 
 

arkePupts 21.12.2029 for
ican up d; the ane For and on behalf of the ion Control Board

General ger
a District Industries Centre, S. 24 Pgs.

 

