~~ F”
REGIONAL OFFICE
C.G.Environmeo Ns nservation Board
9/32 Banglow, Bhijai, District- Durg (C.G.)

No-294 3/ROMTSICECB/2017 anil, Oates: 29)|)? {17
0,

M/s Ajay Singh Stone Cursher(Mining Unit 0.85 ha.)
Propl Shri Ajay Singh

Village- Gudhiyari, Tehsil- Patan

District- Durg (C.G)

Sub: Grant of consent under section 21 of the Air (Prevention and Control
of Pollution) Act, 1981.
Ref: Your Application No. 553041 dated 16.10.2017 and subsequent
corresponding ending dt. 28.12.2017
-000-

With reference to your above application consent & license are here
by granted for one year from 01/09/2016 TO 31/08/2017 and stand renewed !
up to 31/08/2021, Subject to the fulfillment of the following terms and condition |
with expanded Capacity. : 7

This consent is valid for following products & production capacity: -

    
  
  
    
 
 

 

 

 

 

Name of Product | Production Capaci
Mining of lime Stone 5000 M. T./Year
(Five thousand metric tonnes per year)

 

Note:- This consent issued vide letter No. 1289 dt. 04/11/2008 shall be
treated as cancelled from the date of issue of this letter.

Conditions: -
ali, Total mines lease area not more than. 0.85 hectare.
2 Industry shall adhere to the stipulating incorporated in t

Clearane issued by the Ministry of Environment
19 JE

extractors. Industry
control arra

  

Scanned by CamScanner

  

 

ide (CO) i

Pearce 5 4000 Mictograrny md
es for CONtral oF fugitive emissions ne
praying alangen, 0

Mo
d. Carbon

Adequate measur
such as water S

aes ul ro
P tranSPlration of mi
ing points, and T Points ian elals, etc, lj
(conveying syst) 1 aovide at junction point ete, (if
oes Industry shall pro’ Sdequate

; arrange

ission from transfer a JUNCtion p9j a for Control of
Fugitive dust emissions i ee
data recorded properly. 4 ds ar Sha pt goo
practices. Alll the internal ‘i j all be made ucca,
Vehicular emissions shall ; Ept under Control and regular!
Measures shall be taken for Maintenance Of Vehicles us
operations and in ae of lime stone etc. The
be transported in open vehicles to avoig dust . Lime stone shall
be transported in properly Covered (by tarpaulin Or other suitable
materials) vehicles only and shall not be Overloaded.
The solid wastes generated during mining operations and allied activi
Shall be disposed off by PrOPer Scientific methods to avoid any possible
pollution/nuisance. Topsoil shall be

stacked Properly with adequate 7
measures at earmarked sites, [f Shall be used for reclamation and —
rehabilitation of the mined out areas. Over burden and other wastes shall —

be stacked at earmarked sites only and shall not be kept active for long
periods of time. Inactive overburden dumps shall be Scientifically

 

Y Monitored, —
2S Used jn mining
‘he lime stone shall not
Emission, Li

     
 
  
  
  
   
 

runoff. No over burden or loose sediments shall be kept in work
benches particularly during monsoon months. Industry shall obtain
authorization under Hazardous Waste (Management and Hand
Rules, 1989 (as amended) from the Board (if required), en
Reclamation programme for the mined out area shall be imple

until the end of the life of mine, Li jamation and backfil
concurrently done. Plantation

concurrently done. Plantation
taken up for soil Stabilization a q
Monitoring and Management of
vegetative becomes Self-sustaining ah cahaliouee
All the F i p . rf burden snall |

Maxirr
M

 
 
     
 
 
 
  
  
   
 

  
  

 
   

Scanned by CamScanner

10N |i
protec

lon of th

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

yyy
with the gi

 

Scanned by CamScanner

ANNEXURE ’
M/s Ajay Singh Stone cursher(Mining Unit 0.85 ha.) , Village- Gudhiy

Tehsil- Patan, District- Durg (CS) =
Location Bh faotery': Khasra NO. 18/2(Part),20/2(Part), P.H.No. 22,Village-

Gudhiyari, Tehsil- Patan, District Durg (C.G)

|

Vide consent No. |% 4% /EV/RO/TSWICECB/ Bhilai Dated 2 | > )

A. GENERAL CONDITIONS: -

1. All discharges authorized shall be consistent with terms and conditions
of this Consent facility @xPansions, production, increases or process
Modifications which result in New or increased discharges of pollutants
must be reported by submission of a new Consent, application a
such new, or increased discharge does not violate the effluen
limitations specified in the Consent, by submission to the Board details
of such new or increased discharges of pollutants in which case the
consent may be modified to specify effluent limitations for any
pollutants not identified and limited here in the discharge of any
pollutant more frequently than or at a level in excess of that identified
and authorized by the Consent shall constitute a violation of the terms
and conditions of the Consent.

. After notice and opportunity for the hearing, this consent may be
modified, suspend evoked by the Board in whole or in part during
its term for cause including, but not limited to the following; -

(a) violation of any terms and conditions of this Consent. ;

(b) Obtaining this Consent by misrepresentation of failure to =
disclose fully al relevant facts.

(c) Achange in any condition that requires temporary or permanent
reduction or elimination of the authorized discharge.

.Not withstanding para (2) above, if a toxic effluent standard or
prohibition (including any schedule of compliance specified in such
effluent standard or prohibition) is established for a toxic pollutant which
is present in the discharge authorized here in and such standard or

ingent than any limitation upon such pollutant in
‘be revised or modified in accordance

4. The applicant shai all tt
Conservation Board atic hal
Presentation or credentials: "a

 

  
    
   
 
 
  
  
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
     
   
   
   

(a) "To
f is eee the Applicant's premises where an effluent source
Hever: OF IN Which any records are required to be kept under
(b) To ha S and conditions of this Consent.
retulted pei to and copy at reasonable times any records
e@ ke es
Consent. pt under the terms and conditions of this
To inspect at reasonable times any monitoring equipment or
monitoring method required in this Consent; or

(c)

(d) To sample at reasonable times any discharge or pollutants. .
8. The Application shall at all times maintain in goods working order and 2

operate as efficiently as possible all treatment or control facilities of =
system installed or used by him to achieve compliance with the terms

and conditions of this Consent.

fa 4
oe
6. The issuance of this Consent does not convey any property rights in a"
either real or personal property or any exclusive privileges, nor does it
authorized any injury to private property or any invasion of perso
APs rights, nor any infringement of Central, State or local laws or regulati
Mi

. = 7.The Consent does not authorize or approve the construction
7 physical structures or facilities or the undertaking of | any work

water course. ae
8.The specific effluent limitations and other pollution con ;
applicable to the discharge permitted here in are set
conditions. Also set forth below are self-monito
requirements. Unless otherwise specified
duplicate original copies of all reports to the
Conservation Board. Expect for
such reports shall be available’
- Chhattisgarh Environmen'

false statement on any st
penalties as prov Dr

, SPECIAL CONDITIO!
Initial Effluet
of this coi
be limit

7

  

  

Scanned by CamScanner

    

| ; thly-
Daily/Weekly/Monthly/Tr-m™°"

   
   

Grab/ 24 Hours Composite as speci”

“<charge Shall be limi

  
 

ted and monitored

  
 
 

 
 

In Addition to above 4

 

  
  

f| Type of
t oe

 
 

Frequency ©
Measuremen
*

  

Daily/Weekly/Monthly/T ri-monthly.
Grab/ 24 Hours Composite

For the purpose of this sub-section, the daily average discharge
is the total discharge by weight during the calendar month
divided by he number of days in month the production or
commercial facility was operating for the purpose of the sub- —
section the daily maximum discharge means the total discharge —
by weight during any calendar day. %

  
 
  
 
   

(b) The PH shall not be less than 5.5 or greater than 9.0

2 Final effluent Limitation: - During the period beginning 1st day of ti
month of commissioning of the industry and lasting until
expiration of this Consent, discharge from the outfalls sha

and monitored by the applicant as specified below :

  

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

iC .

© fea at Monitors any pollutant more frequently as is
such mone 's by this Consent he shall include the results of
required nitoring in the calculation and reporting of values
prescrib In the discharge monitoring reports which may be
inci "bed by the Board, such increased frequency shall be
Ndlcated on the Discharge Monitoring Report from.

(4) The applicant Shall retain for a minimum of 3 years all
records of Monitoring activities and result including all records
of calibration ang maintenance of instrumentation and original
Strip chart f€garding continuous monitoring instrumentation.
The period or retention shall be extant during the course of
any unresolved litigation regarding the discharge of pollutants

2» the applicant or when requested by the Central or State
Oard.

ie 6. Reporting of Monitoring Results:
(a) Monitoring information required by this Consent shall be

Summarized and reported by submitting a Discharge
Monitoring Report form duly filled in and signed, to the Board's
office at the following address:
Chhattisgarh Environment Conservation Board
Paryawas Bhawan, North Block, Sector - 19
Naya Raipur (C.G.) 492 002.

' (b) Each submitted Discharge Monitoring Report shall be signed
as follows:

(i) If submitted by Corporation by a Principal Executive
i Officer of at least the level of Vie-President or his duly
' authorized representative, if such representative is
Ric y _____ responsible for the overall operation of the facility from

sae ey discharge described in the discharge

     

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

Vt:

Tel lil A
I ie Her to
Indust

jar | eeoty
26.05.01

hangeniery
lie WON

Hapor
TANS

eri 18)

 

Scanned by CamScanner

 

Scanned by CamScanner

